Replace example sqlalchemy code in README (#43)
IBM/sqlalchemy-ibmi: README.md

**Please note that this project is still in active development and is not ready for use.** :rotating_light: 

```python
import sqlalchemy as sa

> engine = sa.create_engine("ibmi://user:pass@host[:port]/database")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
engine = sa.create_engine("ibmi://user:pass@host/database")
```

There's no way to specify the port for the ODBC driver.

Reviewer: We should probably omit the database as well. The driver will connect to the default *LOCAL database by default, which is what 99% of users will want. I _think_ you still need the slash, though.

**Please note that this project is still in active development and is not ready for use.** :rotating_light: 

```python
import sqlalchemy as sa

# see documentation for available connection options
# pass connection options in url query string

> engine = sa.create_engine("ibmi://user:pass@dsn?connection_options")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# pass connection options in url query string, eg.
# engine = sa.create_engine("ibmi://user:pass@host/?autocommit=true&timeout=10")
#
# this is a bare-minimum example which connects to *LOCAL on the given host
engine = sa.create_engine("ibmi://user:pass@host/")
```

Also add URL to SQLAlchemy docs: https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/13/core/engines.html#database-urls
